[DO NOT MERGE] Global Settings instructions changes (#1649)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/cloudflare-one/src/content/identity/idp-integration/keycloak.md

    ![Mapper](../../static/documentation/identity/keycloak/protocol-mapper.png)

>     Next, you'll need to integrate with Cloudflare Access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Next, you will need to integrate with Cloudflare Access.
```
